- We are on the market since 2008, constantly developing innovative technology and products.
- We created the largest polish content delivery network,
- which supports the major multimedia platforms, such as player.pl or ipla.
- How did it start?
- In 2006, one of the first Polish VoD service Cineman.pl was founded.
- We have created for them our redCDN.
- Our growth was boosted in 2008 when we received a proposal from Redefine - ipla service operator
- to distribute World Football Championships Euro 2008,
- then the service developed significantly.
- We launched servers at key places in the Internet traffic exchange,
- we launched servers in major cities all over the country
- to cope adequately under heavy load, generated by thousands of users watching this content.
- Who are our customers?
- Player.pl by TVN debuted on September 2011
- and since then, TVN is one of our most important clients.
- What are our key assets?
- Our advantage is the fact that we provide services based on our own proprietary software.
- We implement it by ourselves and we design it by ourselves.
- Therefore, we control it completely
- and we are not limited by 3rd-party  technology and several of our systems features are unique.
- In such a big systems it is a challenge to combine of functionality, performance and reliability.
- What distinguishes us?
- We are, as I mentioned before, the biggest Content Delivery system in Poland.
- We serve traffic at the level of 150 Gb/s.
- This means, that we are just after Polish Youtube.
- We generate one of the largest traffic volumes in Poland.
- What is our biggest advantage?
- Our biggest advantage is that we understand technology in the smallest details.
- Our software is based, from the beginning till the end, on our own technology,
- that's why we can create for our clients things hardly possible
- and the clients really appreciate it.
- What challenges are awaiting us?
- In the nearest future we want to focus on improving our software.
- We want to significantly push the limits of our system,
- scaling it out to handle the bandwidth over 1000 Gb/s.
- Why knowledge and passion?
- Knowledge and passion are the basis of innovation.
- Knowledge makes it possible to create leading-edge technology.
- It is impossible to create technology without knowledge.
- It is impossible to create technology without understanding it.
- While passion gives us strength and courage to follow the unknown.
- I like to mention the case of Christopher Columbus.
- who for sure was a perfect sailor,
- he had knowledge about seas and oceans and passion which led him to sail into the unknown.
- We try to work similar way.
- We try to ensure that our employees embrace this rules.
- Our goal as a company is to create a first global Polish technological brand
- and we do it.
- We have office in Bristol, we are opening office in Silicon Valley.
- We cooperate with the biggest brands in the industry.
- We do it, because we believe that we will succeed.
- We have passion which leads us this way
- and this is  it what we build our company on and our competitive edge.